release 0.64.0 (#3868)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.64.0
------

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🌟 New Features**

- **UI**: Early access to Renku 2.0 now available for users to try out. (`#3474 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3474>`__).
- **UI**: Configure disk storage for Renku 2.0 sessions launchers. (`#3463 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3463>`__).

**✨ Improvements**

- **UI**: Cleanup the project and group settings pages (`#3472 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3472>`__).
- **UI**: Hide the edit button when the user does not have permissions (`#3462 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3462>`__).

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

- **UI**: Display all data connector password fields (`#3477 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3477>`__).

> - **Data services**: Reenable S3 customizations for data connectors, which adds back the Switch S3 provider(`#606 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-data-services/pull/606>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data services**: Re-enable S3 customizations for data connectors, which adds back the Switch S3 provider(`#606 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-data-services/pull/606>`__)
```
